1. Probalem with initializing all weights to same cause neural netowrk work as one node. 
Then, what's the point of having multiple nodes!!!

if the second matrix in the multiplication has the same value in every cell, 
the result will have the same values in every row.    

Now imagine that the first and second matrices are respectively x (the inputs) and 
w1 (the first layer’s weights) of a neural network. Once the multiplication is done, 
the resulting matrix passes through a sigmoid and results in the hidden layer 
h. Now h has the same values in each row, it means that all the hidden nodes of 
the network have the same value. And when we initialize all the weights with 
the same value, we force our network to behave as if it has only one hidden node.

If w2 is also initialized uniformly, this symmetry-preserving effect happens 
on the second layer as well, and even during backpropagation.

"uniform weights cause the network to behave like a one-node network"

2. Larger weights kill neurons => dead neurons

large values can cause problems if the network’s functions are not numerically stable. 
​​​They can push those functions past the brink, making them overflow.

Also, they can slow down the network’s training, and even halt it completely.
Consider what happens if one of the weights in w1 is very large, 
either positive or negative. In that case, the sigmoid gets a large input. 
With a large input, the sigmoid becomes a very flat function, 
with a gradient close to 0. In technical terms, the sigmoid gets saturated: 
it gets pushed outside of its ideal range of operation, 
to a place where its gradient becomes tiny. => check sigmoid graph

During backpropagation, that tiny gradient gets multiplied by all the other 
gradients in the chain, and results in a small overall gradient. 
In turn, that small gradient forces gradient descent to take very tiny steps.

Sigmoid value for weights initialized at value 10 will become 1.0 -> no more trainable

Sigmoid gradient value for weights initialized at value 10 will become 0.0 ->
Flat surface, no more weight changes -> dead neuron.